Let's see what to eat
This time, after Lolo returned to China
Treat me to my first meal
You're a little bit overwhelming, aren't you?
small tree
You're right actually.
Then you come
I buy today
Just treat it as a substitute for Luo Luo
Find some classmates
Then thank you uncle
Let's order the duck first.
Didn't you just say you wanted to try it?
The roast duck in this restaurant tastes really good
Then order a few more of your favorite dishes
You were abroad before
It's not that I haven't eaten authentic domestic food for a long time
Home cooking
Have a good taste today
When did I invite Xu Feng to my house?
Ah, that's right.
I'll have a good taste and eat enough today
Uh, I
I'm going to the bathroom.
Things have changed before
Gu Sijun is now my friend's little book
Nothing to be afraid of